# 3. Scarlett Witch & The Vision


## Plot Overview
Wanda and Vision explore her powers, trying to get to the core of them. Agatha interfeers with her magic affairs.

Dr Strange should intervene at some point.


Maybe Agatha could try to convince Wanda to use her powers to bring Vision back via magic, with Wanda ultimately re-assembling Vision using the Scarlett Witch's powers.

Vision could then find  Wanda so far gone into Agatha's dark magic, and the Darkhold, that he can't stay by her side.

soooooo

wanda makes contact with shield, with coby shmulders as its earth link. shield's collected vision's body, and they give wanda a proper chance to say goodbye

wanda returns to westview, and causes the blast as in the tv show, but it's just that, a blast, which posions with Chaos Magic the surroundings

both agatha harkness and doctor strange feel wanda's disturbance, and approach the landfield to investigate. agatha outsmarts strange, and gets to wanda first. Agatha offers a pact: access to the darkhold's resurrection spells, in exchange for wanda's magic

agatha stops after the first energy bite, when she identifies the scarlet witch, and chton's influence.

doctor strange tries to prevent wanda from getting corrupted by the darkhold, and a 3-way duel breaks among the magic users

eventually, wanda manages to release herself from the darkhold's grasp, and uses her chaos magic to re-assemble vision bit by bit.

doctor strange is concerned, but wanda reveals to have transmuted matter, not altering reality at all, and claims her grasp of her own power to be better than strange anticipated.

agatha uses a trick, and traps wanda in a pocket dimmension, from which she harnesses and channels her power for her own magic.

the vision and doctor strange suffer at the hands of agattha, until wanda manages to revert her spell, and trap agatha in the pocket dimmension, releasing herself

doctor strange takes custody of the darkhold, and offers magical training to wanda, who refuses it, and moves onto live a quiet life next to vision

### Characters Involved
| Character |
|:--:|
| Wanda / Scarlett Witch
| The Vision
| Agatha Harkness
| Doctor Strange
| Maria Hill / SHIELD earth ops director




### Detail

| | |
|:--|:--
| Themes | Loss, grief and power
| Main protagonists | Wanda, Vision
| Main Antagonists | Agatha Harkness, Doctor Strange
| Act 1 | Wanda says goodbye to Vision's corpse, goes to westview, and explodes in a blast of pure Chaos Energy, which prompts Doctor Strange and Agatha to investigate
| Act 2 | Agatha and Strange fight, with Agatha trapping strange in a pocket dimmension, and reaching out to Wanda
| Act 3 | Agatha prompts and taunts Wanda to attack her, or make a pact, so that Wanda gains knowledge of resurrection spells. Agatha takes in a bit of energy, and refuses to continue, but honors her word, and lets Wanda use the Darkhold.
| Act 4 |Strange breaks free as Wanda closes the Darkhold, and resurrects Vision. Agatha uses Strange's breaking, and Wanda's distraction and over-use of her powers, to entrap her in the pocket dimmension, and now milk her for magic, instead of strange. 
| Act 5 |The Vision and Strange suck balls against a Scarlett Agatha, until Wanda figures out how to reverse the spell, trapping Agatha. She reveals the didn't use the Darkhold, but rather, an atom-by-atom reconstruction of Vision from before he died, using existing atoms still in this universe. Strange leaves, not convinced that she isn't corrupted, with the Darkhold, and Agatha, to safekeep.
| Big Picture Notes | Wanda becomes the Eternal Entity of Reality